c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.dll.config
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.pdb
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.dll.mdb
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.apk
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android-Signed.apk
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.IO.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.csproj.App.config
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.dll
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\edsnider.CarSample.Android.pdb
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\edsnider.CarSample.Android.apk
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\552239\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\edsnider.carsample\edsnider.CarSample.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
